Hello my friends and welcome to this new practical activity.
On this time the Colonel as a model.
So in the previous section we implemented the classic as we moral meaning the support vector machine
with a linear kernel.
And now we're about to see what we get with a nonlinear kernel like the radial basis function or another
one.
So that will be very exciting.
And mostly what will be very exciting to see is if we manage to beat the previous accuracies we got
previously.
I remind that the best one we've got so far was 93 percent from the key and moral.
And now let's see if by adding a nonlinear kernel to the SVM Well we get a better accuracy than that.
Grit.
So as usual I want to make sure that everyone here is on the same page.
I give you the link to this further in the previous tutorial in the articles.
Make sure to connect to it.
And if that's the case well please follow me into Part 3 classification to implement the kernel as in
moral and as usual we're going to start with Python.
And here we are with our two files.
The first one that contains the whole implementation of the kernel as immoral in the API any format.
And the second one the data set that same dataset on which we trained and will train all the classification
models of this part.
So let's have a quick look at it again.
This dataset contains some information of 400 customers represented by each row here.
So each row corresponds to a customer and for each of these customers well we have the age which is
a first feature The estimated salary which is a second feature and the dependent variable purchased
which tells whether or not they bought no or yes previous SUV.
All right.
And so in our practical activities of this part three classification we build several classification
models to understand the correlations between these two features here and this dependent variable per
chased in order to predict which future customers will buy brand new luxury SUV that is advertised on
social networks.
All right.
So still the same story and now.
Well let's begin.
Ah Colonel as VM implementation I'm going to open it with Google collaborator.
But you had the choice to open it with Gebran notebook as well.
Choose your favorite and now it is opening the notebook loading it laying it out.
And there we go.
Welcome to the kernel.
As VM implementation.
All right.
And of course it results from the exact same classification template which we made in the first section
of this part.
Logistic Regression indeed when we built the logistic regression model we made at the same time a great
classification template which allows us to only change one cell when building another classification
model which is exactly you know the cell where we build and train this classification model on the training
set.
So this cell is the only one we have to modify here.
However this notebook is in read only mode.
So in order to modify the cell to build that kernel as we model we have to indeed click fell here in
order to create a copy of this notebook and to do this interesting to click Save a copy and drive.
This will create a copy of this notebook and in a second you'll have it opened on your machine.
All right I'm going to put everything in that order.
All right.
And this is our copy.
And so inside the only thing we have to re implement is indeed that cell where we build and train the
kernel as a model on the training set.
So let's not look at it.
Let's put it in the trash.
And now let's re implemented from scratch.
All right.
Perfect.
So it's actually super super easy.
We can even do it even more efficiently than you know the usual way when we went to the cyclone API
and got the name of the function because as I explained in the previous section when building the original
model the classic one well the way we built it was actually to you know build an object of this class
as we see and then choose a linear kernel.
And now actually you know we're about to do the same.
We're about to use the same class to build this kernel as VM objects.
But this time instead of choosing a linear kernel we will choose a non-linear one.
And that's the best example of it.
You know the most commonly used it is the RPF radial basis function kernel and you also have some other
ones like the polynomial kernel or the sigmoid kernel.
But really this one is the best option to start with.
And that's the one will choose for kernel as VM implementation as you might have guessed and therefore
remember how.
I also want to train you on how to juggle with the different tools of your machinery to get you know
the data processing toolkit or the regression toolkit or even now the classifications will get containing
all your classification models.
The most efficient way now to build this kernel SVM model is just to go back to our SVM implementation
then find that cell where we build that as VM indeed since we built that SVM with the same class as
we see but choosing a linear kernel.
Well now as simple as that.
In order to build our kernel as VM We just need to take this code sell and paste it right here in a
new code sale and then guess what.
Just change that kernel parameter.
All right.
And as we said this time we're not using a linear kernel.
We're gonna use an R B F kernel the radial basic function which was explained in the intuition lecturers.
And there you go my friend.
That implementation is over you see how I'm doing all these templates to make you as most efficient
as possible.
Well that's what I mean.
Now we can juggle between our different codes different tools of machine learning and we can build new
models in a flashlight.
And that's what we just did with Colonel Azaria.
All right.
So basically we're done we're ready.
So the next natural step is to upload the data set inside the notebook and to do this you need to click
this for the button here.
Then your notebook will be connecting to a runtime to enable file browsing still the same story in a
few seconds.
We should be able to see the upload button.
Perfect.
There we go.
And so now we're going to click it and we will directly get access to social network as if you know
you were here in the SVM section.
But let me show you the path once again.
So please find for us.
Your whole machinery is it further than please go to part 3 then Section 17 current as VM then python
and then social network at that see as we perfect it will upload upload the set inside the notebook
and now.
Now we can run everything by clicking runtime here and then run 0 run.
All this will run all the cells including this one which will get us a new model with a new non-linear
kernel Where is it right here.
Kernel equals RPF.
And so now now it's very interesting because this time we have a nonlinear classifier and therefore
I look forward to showing you the visualization result at the end you know both for the train set and
it tested because you will see that we will get a super beautiful curve that will catch the right observation
points you the right red customers in the right red region and the right green customers in right.
Green prediction region not all of them of course but the ones which couldn't get cut properly by the
previous you know linear models such as the Support Vector Machine or the logistic regression model
right.
Remember this trait line the straight line could not catch these customer properly in the right green
region and these ones as well.
And so you will see that now we will get much better results.
But first because you know right now I think it should be you know loading running the code yes.
So we don't have yet the final result but that's okay.
Let's observe you know the different predictions of first are kernel as VM was perfectly able to predict
the right result here.
Remember with that customer of age 30 an estimated salary eighty seven thousand dollars.
Who in reality didn't buy indeed an SUV and he would get the same predictions.
That's all good.
Then let's look at the test results.
All right.
So let's crawl back up a bit.
So that's the test results.
And well once again we have many correct predictions an incorrect one here.
The real result is zero meaning that in reality this particular customer didn't buy the SUV but our
model predicted that discussing with the SUV then we have the same incorrect prediction here.
Then all correct I'll correct it looks very good.
Here we have an incorrect prediction the inverse one.
In reality the customer but the SUV but our model predicted that the customer didn't buy the SUV at
all.
Correct.
It looks very very very good right.
I really wonder if we can beat this accuracy and that's what we're about to find out right now with
that confusion matrix.
Are you ready.
Are we gonna beat that.
So for best accuracy we got which was I remind 93 percent from the K nearest neighbor model.
Here it is 93 percent.
And now let's see if we managed to beat it.
All right let's scroll down and the accuracy is 93 percent again.
OK so we didn't beat it but we reached the same level as the K and then and now let's see if we get
the curve.
No still not.
All right you know it's still running.
That's because we have a small step here open 25.
If you want this to run faster you can actually increase the step to open five or even 1 but you'll
get a less smooth curve no less nice curve but that's OK.
So you know just in case it will get us the results in a few minutes it took a long time.
Well let us maybe have a look at them in the original implementation which is right here.
OK just let's do that.
Let's observe the final results.
And here they are.
As you can see we get a super nice prediction curve that catches this time perfectly well.
Those green customers who couldn't get cut properly by the Linear classifiers you know with the straight
line.
This time it is catching them perfectly well except these ones of course because they're trapped in
the middle of many red customers.
But you know these ones which couldn't be cut properly by the logistic regression model or you know
the SVM classifier.
Right.
If we look at it again remember that the customers here couldn't get cut properly because of that straight
line.
But now that we have a curve Oh there we go.
We have the results now that we had this curve.
Well these same customers you know these are exactly the same one these same customers are now cut properly
in the green region.
And same for these ones actually you know these ones are cut and right.
Green region by very short and simple these ones.
And here you know these ones are incorrect operations but once again that's all you find we want to
avoid overfishing anyway because indeed what's mostly important are the results of the test which we
still don't have it is still running but we should get them in a second or you know let's just have
a look at them right here.
So now the challenge is to see whether we have the same results on new observations on observations
with which are more wasn't trained.
And that's exactly the observations that said you know that 100 customers of the tested and well well
here now it looks even better which makes sense right.
Because we had ninety three percent accuracy and since they are 100 customers in a test we actually
had 93 correct predictions and seven incorrect predictions.
And we can actually count them here you know the seven incorrect positions you have the two first ones
here the red customers falling in the wrong green prediction region then these two here two other red
customers pulling in the wrong green prediction regions and then these three green customers falling
in the wrong red prediction region but that's totally fine.
Once again thanks to this beautiful curve here we managed to catch these customers in the right region
which couldn't be the case previously because of the straight line resulting from the linear classifier
this time.
There we go we have a nonlinear classifier which is the reason why we had this curve and that's why
we get a better accuracy.
All right.
So I'm at the same time very happy and excited because this curve is beautiful and we got great results
but I'm still hoping that with a future classification model like the three ones we have left we can
beat that 93 percent accuracy which we got so far as the best ones by two models that came nearest neighbors
and the colonel SVM.
So I can't wait to see you in the next section.
You know the next practical activity to build this time the Navy base classification model to impatiently
find out if it's going to beat 93 percent the accuracy of both the cane and and the Colonel as yet.
So I look forward to seeing you in this next practical activity.
And until then enjoy machine learning.